link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/Deynnaris/pen/ExPELYO?editors=1100

Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        html that gives meaning to our content
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        to create content that is displayed on a webpage
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        extra definition to a content, it goes in the opening tags
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        shows the most important content on the page, only once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        img tag and a tag 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        title, character set, styles, scripts
    7. What is an id? 
        an attribute that is used to specify a unquie id for the element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        h1-h6, header, footer, p, nav, section, div
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
        once 
    10. What is a class? 
        an attribute used to point to a class name in an element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        h1-h6, header, footer, p, nav, section, div
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        as many as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        to specify alternate text for an image
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #idname
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        secetion is a semantic element and groups as a whole, div is for dividing up the content individually
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        to style to content on the page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        class is used to style elements, id is used for linking to anchors, <p class="name">, <a href=#home>home</a>
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        it selects all all elements that are children of the specific element, when we need to select on item in a section
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        sidebar li{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        it is a selector that selects an element in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform:uppercase; text-transform:lowercase; text-transform:capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div{ border:1px dotted black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm, it permanently deletes files with no warning
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        to keep track of changes and keep everyone up to date
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        as often as needed
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
        git push -u sara-cearc for the first time then just git push 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        fork
        add TL as collaborators
        clone repo in git with git clone then the link
        cd <repo name>
        git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName'
        work on repo
        add changes with git add .
        git commit -m "your comment here"
        git push -u origin branch-name
        then submit a pull request
        select branch:master, select your new branch
        click new pull request
        change the base repo to the forked one in the drop down menu
        add TL as a reviewer
        submit pull request


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        inline elements do not cause a new break, while block elements typically cause a new break
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        it makes the position of the element absolute or fixed
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        set its margins to 0 and give it a width
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        div, nav, p are display block elements. a, img are inline elements. li is inline-block. 
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?
        the box model is box or container that goes around all html elements on the page. by using min-width and max-width. 



   --> 